File: [Julia Beatriz]_5256-102612127555900_20260401201417(16525).wav
Language detected: english

Thank you for calling the Intercontinental New York Barclay. Please listen to the following options so that we may better assist you. For reservations, please press 1. For sales and event inquiries, please press 2. For front desk, please press 3. For human resources... Can you hear me, please? Yes, we can hear you. Can you hear me, please? Yes, we can hear you. Thank you for calling the Intercontinental New York Barclay. Please listen to the following options so that we may better assist you. Oh, hello. I'm calling about three guest reservations. I made these reservations for the 1st of April to the 2nd. And the guests informed me that their reservations were cancelled. Could you please help me understand why the reservation was cancelled? Absolutely. Let me go ahead and pull up the reservation. Do you happen to have an 8-digit confirmation number? Let me just see here. Yes, I will tell you the first one. It's 2126-4347. Got it. Let me go ahead and pull it up. Thank you. So you mentioned that the guest is not aware that this has been cancelled? No, actually, I made these reservations, but the guests had a problem with their flight. And they have to return to the hotel on the 31st of March. And when they arrived, they were informed that the reservations for the 1st to the 2nd were cancelled. And they made a new one to the 31st to the 2nd. I see. Okay. Okay, what I have here is the reason for cancelling is actually a wrong date for this one. I'm not really sure why. So your system is informing that it was cancelled for the wrong date? Yes, correct. And the one you just gave me, this one is supposed to check in on the 1st, checking out on the 2nd. Yes. Is it possible for the guests themselves to make this request, or was it from the agency or any supplier? That is correct. The request should have been coming from you guys. So we don't really cancel reservations. They would have to contact you first, and then you guys will be contacting us. Okay, I see it. Okay, I will check with the supplier that I made the reservation, because in my system here, we don't request the cancellation. Thank you. Can I tell you the 2nd confirmation number, just to verify if this is the same situation? Yes, go ahead, please. Thank you. It's 21120484. Okay, one moment. Thank you. Okay, are you able to confirm the name as well? Yes, of course. The 1st name is Marcelo, and the last name is Habibi. Okay, yes. For this one, I can confirm that the guests checked in. Oh, the guests checked in on the reservation. Yes. Okay. Okay, I will confirm this for them, because the Secretary informed us that all the guests made the check-in on the 31st to the 2nd. So I'll just inform her about that. Thank you. I will tell you the confirmation number. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. The 2nd confirmation number is 21120484. I will just inform her about that. Thank you. I will tell you the confirmation number for the last guest, okay? Yes, go ahead. It's 86364374. 744, got it. One moment. Okay, thank you. Okay, for this one, it has been cancelled. For Felipe, correct? Yes. Is the same situation for Mr. Lino, wrong date? I'm sorry? For Mr. Felipe, the motive of the cancellation was a wrong date, or... Oh, I see. Let me go ahead and check if there is a reason. One moment. Thank you. Okay, I do see here. One moment to load it up. Thank you. Yes, so for this one, I can confirm that the cancellation reason is duplicate booking. Duplicate booking. Okay. Would you like me to just double check for Felipe if they have the reservation? You mentioned that they checked in on the 31st. Yes. There might be a reservation that is checking in on the 31st, checking out on the 2nd. One moment. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Okay, for Felipe, there is no reservation at all under his name. Let me go ahead and just double check for the other one as well. Thank you. Just to make sure. So for Habibi, the one who has checked in. Let me go ahead and just check. So on your end, all of them are checking in on the 31st? Yes. The secretary informed us that the three guests checked in on the 31st. Okay. So I do see here for Marcelo Habibi, they checked in with us on the 31st, then checking out on April 1st, and they actually have the second reservation, which you just gave me today. So the guest, Mr. Habibi, checked in on the 31st and checked out on the 1st, right? Yes, and they have a second booking, which is the one you gave me. The one you gave me, confirmation number is 21120484. So that is the second reservation for the second day, yes. Okay, and then this one, he is in-house right now, right? Yes, that is correct. Okay, perfect. Can I tell you just to verify if the first guest, Mr. Lino, is also in-house right now? Oh, yes. Let me go ahead and check that for you. They might be on a different reservation as well. Okay, yes, I can confirm you that Lino Cancado is also checked in with us. I can see here that we have a reservation checking in on the 31st, checking out on the 2nd. Okay, perfect. Thank you. Just one more question for Mr. Lino and Mr. Habibi. Mr. Lino, reservation 31 to the 2nd, is it possible for my company to pay for this guest reservation? Yes, actually, no. This is not booked by you guys. I see it. So, it's not possible for us to send our credit card to cover the room and the breakfast for this guest? That is correct, yes. Okay, and for Mr. Habibi as well, right? Oh, let me go ahead and double-check that for you. Okay. Yes, correct. This is also not booked with you guys. Okay, I see it. Okay, I see it. I'm just checking here if I found Mr. Felipe, the full name, just to verify if the guest made the check-in under another name. Let me just see here if I found anything. Just a second, please. Yes, but just to confirm again for Marcelo Habibi, the first reservation that he has, which is 31st to April 1st, is booked with us, but the mentioned check-in on the 1st, check-out on the 2nd, which you provided, that is with you guys. Yes, so the payment for the 31st to the 1st of April is not possible for our company to pay, right? That is correct, yes. Okay, I see it. And our reservation that I mentioned for Mr. Lino is cancelled, so the guest makes the 31st to the 2nd of April. And for Mr. Habibi, the guest is the 31st to the 1st of April, and then the 1st of April to the 2nd. So this reservation is active, right? That is correct, yes. Okay, thank you. And for Mr. Felipe, there's no record in your system about any reservation of him? Oh, there is one. It is cancelled, yes. But other than that, no records. Okay, and it's cancelled as duplicated, right? The reason that it's cancelled. Yes, duplicate, yes. Okay, that's perfect. Okay, that's perfect. I will inform the secretary and then I call again to verify if she has other things. Thank you so much for your help. I'm sorry, I just don't understand your name. Yes, it would be Al from Guest Services, just A-L. Okay, thank you so much for your help. Have a nice day. Have a nice day as well. Bye-bye. Thank you, bye-bye.
